Introduction

I'm the Operations Manager at a grain distribution company in Colombia. I love computers and everything related to it. I studied for years Computer Engineering at the University of Miami and I really love the idea about spending time in front of the computer developing and designing things that can help or entertain people when needed.

Dedication and commitment are very important to me, when facing any task or challenge I like to put the best of me into it and I never stop working on it until Im fully satisfied with the result.

Where I'm From

I was born in Bogota, Colombia where I did my Elementary School and High School, i went to College in the United States for 5 years and moved back to my home country afterwards to get involved in my family's business. My true passion has never stopped being computers though but I really cherish the work ethic and complete dedication I have seen and learned from my father. I now set him up as an example for everything I do in my work and every new project I have.

More Things About Me

What are your favorite hobbies?

Traveling and Music are my favorite hobbies! Every time my wife and I can get some time from work, we love traveling to foreign countries to learn and live their cultures, it has being very enriching to both our lives. I'm also a music collector and I really enjoy going to live shows of all the different bands I like. Also since 1990 i became a huge soccer fan! After the World Cup, I fell in love with the Dutch and Argentinian teams. My favorite player in the tournament played for Barcelona at club level, since then I became a hardcore Barcelona supporter, I never miss their matches on TV, and one of my happiest experiences in life which I wish to repeat every time I have a chance to go to Europe was going to the Camp Nou to watch them play.


What's your dream job?

I really want to be in a work environment that's 100% computer related, whether is developing, designing or building I love every aspect of it. I really love the challenges every new project represents, and wether i have to take on one alone or with a group of people, I really love creating new things for myself or for people out there.

What's your background?

I studied Computer Engineering in college until I moved back to my home country back in 2006, during all this years I really wanted to get back involved with computers but never found a time to do it. Now I am really committing myself to it and I'm committing time to learn new things so I can have a really full and broad idea on any challenge that I could get on a new project out there.

What music have you been listening to lately?

My favorite new album out lately is "Carrie & Lowell" by Sufjan Stevens, it's so heartbreaking and beautiful! I also really like the new albums by Hot Chip, Courtney Barnett, Tanlines, Panda Bear, and TV On The Radio. Also since it came out last year I haven't stopped listening Spoon's latest album "They Want My Soul"

My favorite artists or bands are Kraftwerk, David Bowie, Sonic Youth, Radiohead and Lou Reed